[Music]
I've never seen a man cup before it's so
smooth
[Music]
Kirra
boy quite different you are special
little brother you've got hands so let's
use of them shut
my way like bulls push be with other
words it's not was assumed the way you
look at the village
welcoming you are one of them
[Music]
I've ever wanted just alone you will
always be my son Mowgli nothing can ever
change that
the jungle is changing
man is taking more of it boy may just be
our only hope of survival we're afraid
of what now I do to us the pack needs
you mummy
my how you've grown
I am NOT a man but neither am i wood
which of you will follow me
the whole jungle has been watching you
I love failed
you
[Music]